deploy/charts/origin-ca-issuer/README.md, before:

# origin-ca-issuer

origin-ca-issuer is a Kubernetes addon to automate issuance and renewals of Cloudflare Origin CA certificates with cert-manager.

## Prerequisites

* Kubernetes 1.16+
* cert-manager 1.0.0+

## Installing the Chart

Before installing the chart, you must first install [cert-manager](https://cert-manager.io/docs/installation/), and the origin-ca-issuer CustomResourceDefinition resources.

```shell
VERSION="v0.6.1"
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cloudflare/origin-ca-issuer/${VERSION}/deploy/crds/cert-manager.k8s.cloudflare.com_originissuers.yaml
```

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

``` shell
helm install --name my-release --namespace origin-ca-issuer .
```

In order to begin issuer certificates from the Cloudflare Origin CA you will need to setup an OriginIssuer. For more information, see the [documentation](https://github.com/cloudflare/origin-ca-issuer/blob/trunk/README.org).

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

``` shell
helm delete my-release
```
If you want to completely uninstall origin-ca-issuer from your cluster, you also need to delete the previously installed CustomResourceDefinition resources:

``` shell
VERSION="v0.6.1"
kubectl delete -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cloudflare/origin-ca-issuer/${VERSION}/deploy/crds/cert-manager.k8s.cloudflare.com_originissuers.yaml
```

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the origin-ca-issuer chart and their default values.

| Parameter                             | Description                                                                             | Default                          |
|---------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------|
| `global.imagePullSecrets`             | Reference to one or more secrets to be used when pulling images                         | `[]`                             |
| `global.rbac.create`                  | If `true`, create and use RBAC resources                                                | `true`                           |
| `global.priorityClassName`            | Priority class name for origin-ca-issuer pods                                           | `""`                             |
| `image.repository`                    | Image repository                                                                        | `cloudflare/origin-ca-issuer`    |
| `image.tag`                           | Image tag                                                                               | `""`                             |
| `image.digest`                        | Image digest                                                                            | `"sha256:{{ MANIFEST_DIGEST }}"` |
| `image.pullPolicy`                    | Image pull policy                                                                       | `Always`                         |
| `controller.deploymentAnnotations`    | Annotations to add to the origin-ca-issuer deployment                                   | `{}`                             |
| `controller.deploymentLabels`         | Labels to add to the origin-ca-issuer deployment                                        | `{}`                             |
| `controller.podAnntoations`           | Annotations to add to the origin-ca-issuer pods                                         | `{}`                             |
| `controller.podLabels`                | Labels to add to the origin-ca-issuer pods.                                             | `{}`                             |
| `controller.replicaCount`             | Number of origin-ca-issuer controller replicas                                          | `1`                              |
| `controller.featureGates`             | Comma-seperated list of feature gates to enable on the controller pod                   | `""`                             |
| `controller.extraArgs`                | Optional flags for origin-ca-issuer                                                     | `[]`                             |
| `controller.extraEnv`                 | Optional environment variables for origin-ca-issuer                                     | `[]`                             |
| `controller.serviceAccount.enable`    | If `true`, create a new service account                                                 | `true`                           |
| `controller.serviceAccount.name`      | Service account to be used. If not set, a name is generated using the fullname template |                                  |
| `controller.volumes`                  | Optional volumes for origin-ca-issuer                                                   | `[]`                             |
| `controller.volumeMounts`             | Optional volume mounts for origin-ca-issuer                                             | `[]`                             |
| `controller.securityContext`          | Optional security context. The YAML block should adhere to the SecurityContext spec     | `{}`                             |
| `controller.containerSecurityContext` | Optional container security context                                                     | `{}`                             |
| `controller.nodeSelector`             | Node labels for pod assignment                                                          | `{}`                             |
| `controller.affinity`                 | Node (anti-)affinity for pod assignemt                                                  | `{}`                             |
| `controller.tolerations`              | Node tolerations for pod assignment                                                     | `{}`                             |
| `controller.disableApprovedCheck`     | Disable waiting for CertificateRequests to be Approved before signing                   | `false`                          |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

Alternatively, a YAML value that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example.

``` shell
helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml .
```

## Contributing

This chart is maintained at [github.com/cloudflare/origin-ca-issuer](https://github.com/cloudflare/origin-ca-issuer).

Commit message:

Added a namespace parameter to allow explicitly specifying the namespace when installing as a subchart

deploy/charts/origin-ca-issuer/README.md, after:

# origin-ca-issuer

origin-ca-issuer is a Kubernetes addon to automate issuance and renewals of Cloudflare Origin CA certificates with cert-manager.

## Prerequisites

* Kubernetes 1.16+
* cert-manager 1.0.0+

## Installing the Chart

Before installing the chart, you must first install [cert-manager](https://cert-manager.io/docs/installation/), and the origin-ca-issuer CustomResourceDefinition resources.

```shell
VERSION="v0.6.1"
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cloudflare/origin-ca-issuer/${VERSION}/deploy/crds/cert-manager.k8s.cloudflare.com_originissuers.yaml
```

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

``` shell
helm install --name my-release --namespace origin-ca-issuer .
```

In order to begin issuer certificates from the Cloudflare Origin CA you will need to setup an OriginIssuer. For more information, see the [documentation](https://github.com/cloudflare/origin-ca-issuer/blob/trunk/README.org).

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

``` shell
helm delete my-release
```
If you want to completely uninstall origin-ca-issuer from your cluster, you also need to delete the previously installed CustomResourceDefinition resources:

``` shell
VERSION="v0.6.1"
kubectl delete -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cloudflare/origin-ca-issuer/${VERSION}/deploy/crds/cert-manager.k8s.cloudflare.com_originissuers.yaml
```

## Installing as subchart

If you have configured `origin-ca-issuer` as a subchart all the components of `origin-ca-issuer`  will be installed into the namespace of the helm release you are installing.

There may be a situation where you want to specify the namespace to install `origin-ca-issuer` different to the umbrella chart's namespace.

This is a [known issue](https://github.com/helm/helm/issues/5358) with helm and subcharts, that you can't specify the namespace for the subchart and is being  solved by most public charts by allowing users to set the namespace via the values file, but needs to be a capability added to the chart by the maintainers.

This capability is now available in the `origin-ca-issuer` chart and can be set either in the values file or via the `--set` switch. See the `namespace` parameter below.

## Configuration

The following table lists the configurable parameters of the origin-ca-issuer chart and their default values.

| Parameter                             | Description                                                                             | Default                          |
|---------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------|
| `global.imagePullSecrets`             | Reference to one or more secrets to be used when pulling images                         | `[]`                             |
| `global.rbac.create`                  | If `true`, create and use RBAC resources                                                | `true`                           |
| `global.priorityClassName`            | Priority class name for origin-ca-issuer pods                                           | `""`                             |
| `image.repository`                    | Image repository                                                                        | `cloudflare/origin-ca-issuer`    |
| `image.tag`                           | Image tag                                                                               | `""`                             |
| `image.digest`                        | Image digest                                                                            | `"sha256:{{ MANIFEST_DIGEST }}"` |
| `image.pullPolicy`                    | Image pull policy                                                                       | `Always`                         |
| `namespace`                           | Namespace for namespaced resources used when installing as a subchart.                  | `{}`                             |
| `controller.deploymentAnnotations`    | Annotations to add to the origin-ca-issuer deployment                                   | `{}`                             |
| `controller.deploymentLabels`         | Labels to add to the origin-ca-issuer deployment                               q        | `{}`                             |
| `controller.podAnntoations`           | Annotations to add to the origin-ca-issuer pods                                         | `{}`                             |
| `controller.podLabels`                | Labels to add to the origin-ca-issuer pods.                                             | `{}`                             |
| `controller.replicaCount`             | Number of origin-ca-issuer controller replicas                                          | `1`                              |
| `controller.featureGates`             | Comma-seperated list of feature gates to enable on the controller pod                   | `""`                             |
| `controller.extraArgs`                | Optional flags for origin-ca-issuer                                                     | `[]`                             |
| `controller.extraEnv`                 | Optional environment variables for origin-ca-issuer                                     | `[]`                             |
| `controller.serviceAccount.enable`    | If `true`, create a new service account                                                 | `true`                           |
| `controller.serviceAccount.name`      | Service account to be used. If not set, a name is generated using the fullname template |                                  |
| `controller.volumes`                  | Optional volumes for origin-ca-issuer                                                   | `[]`                             |
| `controller.volumeMounts`             | Optional volume mounts for origin-ca-issuer                                             | `[]`                             |
| `controller.securityContext`          | Optional security context. The YAML block should adhere to the SecurityContext spec     | `{}`                             |
| `controller.containerSecurityContext` | Optional container security context                                                     | `{}`                             |
| `controller.nodeSelector`             | Node labels for pod assignment                                                          | `{}`                             |
| `controller.affinity`                 | Node (anti-)affinity for pod assignemt                                                  | `{}`                             |
| `controller.tolerations`              | Node tolerations for pod assignment                                                     | `{}`                             |
| `controller.disableApprovedCheck`     | Disable waiting for CertificateRequests to be Approved before signing                   | `false`                          |

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`.

Alternatively, a YAML value that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart. For example.

``` shell
helm install --name my-release -f values.yaml .
```

## Contributing

This chart is maintained at [github.com/cloudflare/origin-ca-issuer](https://github.com/cloudflare/origin-ca-issuer).
